Plans and cellphones for Newcomers - Rogers Please enable JavaScript to continue using this application. Introducing Rogers for newcomers, with plans starting at $55/mo Welcome to Canada, welcome to Rogers. We know that forming connections for your new life is important. Rogers is with you all the way as you settle into Canada, build new connections, and stay close to family and friends. Great network coverage. Low cost. Canada-wide 5G Build new connections and keep in touch with old ones with the power of Rogers 5G. Experience effortless video calls with our fast, reliable connectivity and never miss the big moments back home. Convenience for the household One-stop shop for your mobile and home connection needs. Support in your own words We’re proud to serve you in over 100+ different languages in total across our Branded Retail stores, including Mandarin, Cantonese, Tagalog, Arabic, Hindi, Punjabi and Urdu. Your peace of mind is our priority Choose Rogers with confidence thanks to our 30-Day Satisfaction Guarantee. Enjoy your new service or get a refund on your setup and monthly fees if you cancel within the first 30 days. Choose the plan that meets your needs 5G Mobile 75GB $65.00 $ 55 .00 /mo± For 24 months15 and after Automatic Payments Discount6 Features Access to 5G/5G+ network 75GB of non-shareable data at speeds up to 250 Mbps, data at reduced speeds thereafter** Unlimited Canada-wide talk and text1 1000 International Long Distance minutes to select countries13 Spam Call Detect Available to customers new in Canada. Must provide a Permanent Resident card, work permit, student permit or a valid passport from another country. Offer available for new activations. Full plan detailsFind a store 5G Infinite Essential $90.00 $ 75 .00 /mo± $55/mo± for additional lines15 Both after Automatic Payments Discount11 Features Access to 5G/5G+ network 100 GB at speeds up to 1 Gbps. Unlimited data at reduced speeds thereafter* Unlimited Canada-wide talk and text1 Unlimited international texting4 1000 International Long Distance minutes to select countries13 Spam Call Detect Perks Save $20/mo on every additional line you add15 Available to customers new in Canada. Must provide a Permanent Resident card, work permit, student permit or a valid passport from another country. Offer available for new activations. Full plan detailsFind a store Additional lines only 5G Infinite Lite $ 45 .00 /mo± After Automatic Payments Discount11 Available for additional lines only Features Access to 5G/5G+ network 25 GB at speeds up to 250 Mbps. Unlimited data at reduced speeds thereafter* Unlimited Canada-wide talk and text1 Spam Call Detect Available to customers new in Canada. Must provide a Permanent Resident card, work permit, student permit or a valid passport from another country. Must be added to an existing Rogers Infinite plan. Offer available for new activations. Full plan detailsFind a store Phones recommended for you Google Pixel 8 Get it for $0 down For $46.17 $30/mo (after bill credit, plus taxes) for 24 months on select plans14 with financing and Upfront Edge when you return your device within 2 years. $0 down on approved credit, 0% interest. Full price $1,108 Find a store Do more with Google Samsung Galaxy S24 Get the Samsung Galaxy S24 for $40.75/mo $10/mo (after bill credit, plus taxes) for 24 months on select plans14, $0 down on approved credit and 0% interest, with financing and Upfront Edge when you return your device within 2 years. Full price $1,457.29 Find a store moto g stylus 5G Get it for $0 down for $21.67/mo $5/mo (after bill credit, plus taxes) for 24 months on select plans14 with financing. Full price $520 Find a store Support in your own words At Rogers, we want to make your new journey in Canada as smooth as possible with our We Speak Your Language program. In addition to our 2 official languages, we’re proud to serve you in over 100+ different languages in total across our Branded Retail stores, including Mandarin, Cantonese, Tagalog, Arabic, Hindi, Punjabi and Urdu. Learn more Find a store that speaks your language Select one of the options for stores that offer support in Chinese or South Asian languages. For other languages, contact your closest Rogers store to learn if they can assist. South Asian Chinese About Rogers Who we are At Rogers, we’re proud to continue the legacy that began more than 60 years ago. With our dedicated team, we’re committed to connecting Canadians and delivering the best from coast to coast. Learn more What we offer Our customers and audiences inspire everything we do – from delivering the best in entertainment and home services, to the next generation of wireless services. Learn more Our impact Our impact strategy focuses on reducing our impact on climate change and helping Canadians and newcomers in need reach their full potential. Learn more See full details A Setup Service Fee of $60 applies to setup your device and related services.  The Setup Service Fee is waived through self-serve on rogers.com (but not through Live Chat and Customer Service).  If you require device setup in-store thereafter, a $60 Setup Service Fee will apply.  Taxes extra. * Rogers Infinite data plans include high-speed data up to the speeds (if applicable) and allotment indicated in your plan on the Rogers network, extended coverage areas within Canada, and Roam Like Home destinations (see rogers.com/roamlikehome). Once you have reached the high-speed data allotment of your plan, you will continue to have access to data services with no overage beyond the high-speed data allotment at a reduced speed of up to 512 kilobits per second (for both upload and download) until the end of your current billing cycle. Applications such as email, web browsing, apps, and audio/video streaming will continue to function at a reduced speed which will likely impact your experience. We will send you a text message notifying you when you have used 90% and 100% of the high-speed data allotment included in your plan with the option to purchase a Speed Pass to add more high-speed data to your plan. 5G/5G+network access requires a compatible device and a 5G SIM card in a covered area (see rogers.com/coverage). In all cases, usage is subject to the Rogers Terms of Service and Acceptable Use Policy. ** Rogers 5G Mobile and 4G Mobile plans with no data overage include high-speed data up to the amount included in your plan on the Rogers network, extended coverage areas within Canada, and Roam Like Home destinations (see rogers.com/roamlikehome). Once you have reached the high-speed data allotment of your plan, you will continue to have access to data services with no overage at a reduced speed of up to 256 kilobits per second (for both upload and download) until the end of your current billing cycle. Even applications that do not require high bandwidth (such as basic messaging and location-based services) may be affected by this speed reduction. Applications that will likely be significantly affected by this speed reduction are those that demand higher bandwidths (for example browsing and video streaming). We will send you a text message when you are close to reaching your monthly high-speed data allotment at no additional charge, with the option to purchase a Speed Pass to add more high-speed data to your plan. 5G/5G+network access requires a compatible device and a 5G SIM card in a covered area (see rogers.com/coverage). Plan requires registration for online billing. In all cases, usage is subject to the Rogers Terms of Service, Acceptable Use Policy, and Network Management Policy. ± Where applicable, additional airtime, data, long distance, roaming, add-ons, provincial 9-1-1 fees (if applicable) and taxes are extra and billed monthly. However, there is no airtime charge for calls made to 9-1-1 from your Rogers mobile device. Plan includes calls and messages from Canada to [local/Canadian] numbers only. On the Rogers Network or in an Extended Coverage area, excluding calls made through Call Forwarding, Video Calling or similar services. On the Rogers Network or in an Extended Coverage area excluding calls made through Call Forwarding, Video calling or similar services. Compatible device required. Includes unlimited text/picture/video messages sent from Canada to a Canadian mobile number and received texts from anywhere. Sent/received premium texts (alerts, messages related to content and promotions), sent international texts and sent/received picture/video messages (as applicable) while roaming are not included and charged at applicable rates. On the Rogers Network, in an Extended Coverage area or in the U.S., excluding calls made through Call Forwarding, Video Calling or similar services. Plan includes calls from Canada and the U.S to Canadian and U.S. numbers only (calls from Canada to Puerto Rico, Mexico and the U.S Virgin Islands are not included). Includes messages sent from Canada or the U.S. to email addresses or Canadian, U.S. and international mobile numbers. Sent/received premium messages and messages sent while roaming outside the U.S. extra. Compatible device required. Includes unlimited text/picture/video messages sent from Canada or the U.S. to Canadian or U.S mobile numbers and received texts from anywhere. Includes messages sent from Canada or the U.S. to email addresses. Sent/received premium texts (alerts, messages related to content and promotions), sent international texts and sent/received picture/video messages (as applicable) while roaming are not included and charged at applicable rates.U.S. numbers only (calls from Canada to Puerto Rico, Mexico and the U.S Virgin Islands are not included). Includes messages sent from Canada or the U.S. to email addresses or Canadian, U.S. and international mobile numbers. Sent/received premium messages and messages sent while roaming outside the U.S. extra. Compatible device required. Includes unlimited text/picture/video messages sent from Canada or the U.S. to Canadian or U.S mobile numbers and received texts from anywhere. Includes messages sent from Canada or the U.S. to email addresses. Sent/received premium texts (alerts, messages related to content and promotions), sent international texts and sent/received picture/video messages (as applicable) while roaming are not included and charged at applicable rates. Plan includes unlimited text and picture/video messages sent from Canada to international numbers. Enhanced Voicemail is a service that allows you to receive up to 35 messages each up to 5 minutes in length and you can save each one for up to 10 days. Compatible device required. Call display allows you to see the number of an incoming caller even if they are not in your address book. Name Display allows you to see a caller’s name and number before answering the phone. Not all names and numbers can be identified. Connection to the Rogers network required for Name Display. 2500 Call forwarding minutes. Additional Call Forwarding minutes 10¢/minute (rounded to the next full minute). Excluding prepaid accounts, most enterprise plans as well as monthly plans that include roaming services. Taxes extra. Roam Like Home daily fee is a Pay-Per-Use rate and subject to change without notice. Fee charged per line in addition to plan monthly fee and applies per calendar day from first use in eligible destination until 11:59:59 p.m. based on Eastern Time (ET) regardless of which time zone you are roaming in. Roaming charges apply when outside the eligible destination. Data: Usage exceeding plan allotment charged in increments rounded up to next MB or GB (as per plan). Texts: Includes texts sent to local mobile number while in eligible destination or to Canadian mobile number. Sent/received premium texts and sent international texts to destinations other than eligible destinations charged at applicable rates. Calls: While in eligible destination, includes unlimited calls to local numbers or Canadian numbers. International long distance rates apply to calls to other destinations. See rogers.com/terms for full terms and conditions and list of eligible destinations. Purchase a tablet or smartwatch on financing and add the tablet or smartwatch to an eligible Rogers Infinite plan, and a monthly credit of $15 for the tablet or watch plan will be applied on your bill and will be applicable for 24 months. Full tablet plan and watch plan fees apply thereafter (currently $15/month, subject to applicable rate increases). This offer is available to customers activating a new line, completing a Price Plan Change or performing a hardware upgrade on non-discounted, consumer, in-market, Infinite Extra plan or above. $100 credit can be used towards down payment and/or accessories. Offer available for new activations and hardware upgrades. To be eligible, customers must trade in any device and trade up to/activate on a new activation, additional line or hardware upgrade. Available to customers new to Canada. Must provide a Permanent Resident card, work permit, student permit or a valid passport from another country. A $5/month discount is available on eligible in-market consumer Rogers Infinite plans to customers who set up Automatic Payments on their account (not retroactive). You must keep Automatic Payments active with an eligible plan to maintain this discount. Discount will end if you move to an ineligible plan or cancel Automatic Payments. Roam Like Home is provided by Rogers Communications Canada Inc. (“Rogers”) and available to most Rogers customers with an eligible postpaid mobile plan (most enterprise plans, monthly plans that include roaming services as well as prepaid accounts are excluded). You will automatically be credited up to 5 Roam Like Home days per year on your Rogers bill once you link your Rogers Connections Mastercard account to your Rogers postpaid account and eligible mobile plan. Both accounts must be in good standing. Unused Roam Like Home days at no cost do not carry over to the following year. See rogers.com/terms for full Roam Like Home terms and conditions. 1000 long distance minutes available for the following countries: : India, China + Hong Kong (excluding Macau and Taiwan), the United Kingdom, Mexico, and Bangladesh Plans include Rogers Infinite Essential plan or Rogers Infinite Premium plan $300 credit can be used towards down payment and/or accessories. Offer available for new activations and hardware upgrades. To be eligible, customers must trade in any device and trade up to/activate any of the android devices on a new activation, additional line or hardware upgrade: Samsung A54, S23FE, Pixel 7a, Pixel 8, Moto G Stylus, Samsung S23, Samsung S24, Moto Edge, Moto Razr, Samsung S24+, Samsung S24 Ultra, Flip 5, Fold 5, Pixel 8 Pro, Moto Razr+. Available to customers new to Canada. Must provide a Permanent Resident card, work permit, student permit or a valid passport from another country.