5G Mobile plans with unlimited data, talk and text - Rogers Please enable JavaScript to continue using this application. Count on more with Rogers Connect in more places when you get on our 5G network. We’re confident that you’ll find 5G plans that fit your needs, because we’re with you all the way. View plans View Specialized Plans Count on more with Rogers Mobile plans 5G/5G+ access Count on more with Canada’s largest and Most Reliable 5G Network.*** All you need is a 5G device with a Rogers data plan in a 5G/5G+ coverage area. Unlimited Calls & Texts All Rogers 5G plans include unlimited Canada wide calling1 and texting2 with mobile hotspot access. Plan Perks With select Rogers 5G plans, you can enjoy promo credits when you finance your phone, as well as special offers for connected devices. Meet the Rogers Mastercard® 3% cash back value when you redeem with Rogers. Exclusively for Rogers customers. Get 5 Roam Like Home days at no cost every year with an eligible Rogers mobile plan. Learn more Mobile Plans Explore deals for internet and TV customers or switch views for mobile-only rates. Internet and TV Customers Mobile Only Customers Save more with plans for Shaw Home Internet and TV customers 5G Mobile 75GB $65.00 $ 50 .00 /mo± After $15/mo discount and after Automatic Payments Discount11 Features Access to 5G network 75 GB of non-shareable data at speeds up to 250 Mbps, data at reduced speeds thereafter** Unlimited Canada-wide talk and text1 Spam Call Detect Offer available to new and existing Shaw home customers activating a new mobile line or upgrading their device. Full plan detailsGet plan 5G Infinite Essential $90.00 $ 60 .00 /mo± When paired with a home service15 and after Automatic Payments Discount11 Features Access to 5G/5G+ network 100 GB at speeds up to 1 Gbps. Unlimited data at reduced speeds thereafter* Unlimited Canada-wide talk and text1 Unlimited international texting and picture/video messaging from Canada4 Spam Call Detect Eligible offers Home customers save $30/mo on the first line Save an additional $5/mo when you bring your own device on the first line Home customers save $40/mo on every additional line Save an additional $10/mo when you bring your own device on every additional line Offer available to new and existing Shaw home customers activating a new mobile line or upgrading their device. Full plan detailsGet plan Limited Time Offer 5G Infinite Premium $105.00 $ 75 .00 /mo± When paired with a home service15 and after Automatic Payments Discount11 Features Calling, texting and data within Canada, the US, Mexico2 and the Caribbean18 at no additional cost, up to 90 days per calendar year Access to 5G/5G+ network 150 GB at speeds up to 1 Gbps. Unlimited data at reduced speeds thereafter* Unlimited international texting and picture/video messaging from Canada, the US, Mexico and the Caribbean17 Spam Call Detect Eligible offers Home customers save $30/mo on the first line Home customers save $40/mo on every additional line Save an additional $10/mo when you bring your own device Offer available to new and existing Shaw home customers activating a new mobile line or upgrading their device. Full plan detailsGet plan Specialized plans and offers Discover exclusive plans and device offers designed with your unique needs in mind. Parents of Kids and Teens For parents looking for plans and phones for their child Learn more Adults 55+ For people aged 55+ who are looking for just the essentials Learn more Newcomers For people new to Canada, including permanent residents, international students, or temporary foreign workers Learn more Students Get exclusive student plans for student budgets. Learn more See full details A Setup Service Fee of $60 applies to setup your device and related services.  The Setup Service Fee is waived through self-serve on rogers.com (but not through Live Chat and Customer Service).  If you require device setup in-store thereafter, a $60 Setup Service Fee will apply.  Taxes extra. * Rogers Infinite data plans include high-speed data up to the speeds (if applicable) and allotment indicated in your plan on the Rogers network, extended coverage areas within Canada, and Roam Like Home destinations (see rogers.com/roamlikehome). Once you have reached the high-speed data allotment of your plan, you will continue to have access to data services with no overage beyond the high-speed data allotment at a reduced speed of up to 512 kilobits per second (for both upload and download) until the end of your current billing cycle. Applications such as email, web browsing, apps, and audio/video streaming will continue to function at a reduced speed which will likely impact your experience. We will send you a text message notifying you when you have used 90% and 100% of the high-speed data allotment included in your plan with the option to purchase a Speed Pass to add more high-speed data to your plan. 5G/5G+network access requires a compatible device and a 5G SIM card in a covered area (see rogers.com/coverage). In all cases, usage is subject to the Rogers Terms of Service and Acceptable Use Policy. ** Rogers 5G Mobile and 4G Mobile plans with no data overage include high-speed data up to the amount included in your plan on the Rogers network, extended coverage areas within Canada, and Roam Like Home destinations (see rogers.com/roamlikehome). Once you have reached the high-speed data allotment of your plan, you will continue to have access to data services with no overage at a reduced speed of up to 256 kilobits per second (for both upload and download) until the end of your current billing cycle. Even applications that do not require high bandwidth (such as basic messaging and location-based services) may be affected by this speed reduction. Applications that will likely be significantly affected by this speed reduction are those that demand higher bandwidths (for example browsing and video streaming). We will send you a text message when you are close to reaching your monthly high-speed data allotment at no additional charge, with the option to purchase a Speed Pass to add more high-speed data to your plan. 5G/5G+network access requires a compatible device and a 5G SIM card in a covered area (see rogers.com/coverage). Plan requires registration for online billing. In all cases, usage is subject to the Rogers Terms of Service, Acceptable Use Policy, and Network Management Policy. ***Largest based on total square kilometers of Rogers 5G coverage compared to published coverage of other national networks. Rogers was ranked first in the umlaut Mobile Data Performance audit in 2022-2023. Visit https://www.umlaut.com/en/benchmarking/canada ± Where applicable, additional airtime, data, long distance, roaming, add-ons, provincial 9-1-1 fees (if applicable) and taxes are extra and billed monthly. However, there is no airtime charge for calls made to 9-1-1 from your Rogers mobile device. Plan includes calls and messages from Canada to [local/Canadian] numbers only. On the Rogers Network or in an Extended Coverage area, excluding calls made through Call Forwarding, Video Calling or similar services. On the Rogers Network or in an Extended Coverage area excluding calls made through Call Forwarding, Video calling or similar services. Compatible device required. Includes unlimited text/picture/video messages sent from Canada to a Canadian mobile number and received texts from anywhere. Sent/received premium texts (alerts, messages related to content and promotions), sent international texts and sent/received picture/video messages (as applicable) while roaming are not included and charged at applicable rates. On the Rogers Network, in an Extended Coverage area, in the U.S. or Mexico, excluding calls made through Call Forwarding, Video Calling or similar services. Plan includes calls from Canada, the U.S and Mexico to Canadian, U.S. and Mexican numbers only (calls from Canada to Puerto Rico and the U.S Virgin Islands are not included). Includes unlimited text/picture/video messages sent from Canada, the U.S. or Mexico to Canadian, U.S. or Mexican mobile numbers and received texts from anywhere. Includes messages sent from Canada, the U.S. or Mexico to email addresses. Sent/received premium texts (alerts, messages related to content and promotions), sent international text/picture/video messages and sent/received text/picture/video messages (as applicable) while roaming outside the U.S. or Mexico are not included and charged at applicable rates. Compatible device required. Includes unlimited text/picture/video messages sent from Canada or the U.S. to Canadian or U.S mobile numbers and received texts from anywhere. Includes messages sent from Canada or the U.S. to email addresses. Sent/received premium texts (alerts, messages related to content and promotions), sent international texts and sent/received picture/video messages (as applicable) while roaming are not included and charged at applicable rates. Plan includes unlimited text and picture/video messages sent from Canada to international numbers. Enhanced Voicemail is a service that allows you to receive up to 35 messages each up to 5 minutes in length and you can save each one for up to 10 days. Compatible device required. Call display allows you to see the number of an incoming caller even if they are not in your address book. Name Display allows you to see a caller’s name and number before answering the phone. Not all names and numbers can be identified. Connection to the Rogers network required for Name Display. 2500 Call forwarding minutes. Additional Call Forwarding minutes 10¢/minute (rounded to the next full minute). Excluding prepaid accounts, most enterprise plans as well as monthly plans that include roaming services. Taxes extra. Roam Like Home daily fee is a Pay-Per-Use rate and subject to change without notice. Fee charged per line in addition to plan monthly fee and applies per calendar day from first use in eligible destination until 11:59:59 p.m. based on Eastern Time (ET) regardless of which time zone you are roaming in. Roaming charges apply when outside the eligible destination. Data: Usage exceeding plan allotment charged in increments rounded up to next MB or GB (as per plan). Texts: Includes texts sent to local mobile number while in eligible destination or to Canadian mobile number. Sent/received premium texts and sent international texts to destinations other than eligible destinations charged at applicable rates. Calls: While in eligible destination, includes unlimited calls to local numbers or Canadian numbers. International long distance rates apply to calls to other destinations. See rogers.com/terms for full terms and conditions and list of eligible destinations. Purchase a tablet or smartwatch on financing and add the tablet or smartwatch to an eligible Rogers Infinite plan, and a monthly credit of $15 for the tablet or watch plan will be applied on your bill and will be applicable for 24 months. Full tablet plan and watch plan fees apply thereafter (currently $15/month, subject to applicable rate increases). This offer is available to customers activating a new line, completing a Price Plan Change or performing a hardware upgrade on non-discounted, consumer, in-market, Infinite Extra plan or above. Offer(s) for a Rogers Disney+ subscription available for a limited time and subject to change without notice. Six (6) mo Rogers Disney+ subscription available to mobile customers activating a non-discounted, consumer, in-market Infinite Extra plan or above. See www.rogers.com/plans for current list of eligible plans. After your promotional period, the monthly fee for your Rogers Disney+ subscription will be charged to your applicable Rogers account, per subscription, plus applicable taxes (currently $11.99/mo). Note the following details as they relate to the Rogers Disney+ subscription offers and your existing Disney+ subscription, as applicable: (i) once your eligible Rogers services have been activated, you must sign up for your Rogers Disney+ subscription within 90 days; (ii) the promotional period for your Rogers Disney+ subscription will begin the day you sign up (so you must sign up immediately to take advantage of the full promotional period); (iii) if you sign up for multiple Rogers Disney+ subscriptions, the offers will run concurrently and cannot be combined to extend your promotional period; (iv) if you sign up for multiple Rogers Disney+ subscriptions, you will be billed for each separate subscription; (v) only one Rogers Disney+ subscription may be applied per Disney+ account, which allows for up to seven user profiles; (vi) if you have an existing Disney+ subscription directly with Disney, you can activate your Rogers Disney+ subscription using the same Disney+ account and billing through Disney for your existing Disney+ subscription will be paused; and (vii) if you have an existing Disney+ subscription through a third party, you must manage that subscription with that third party to avoid duplicate subscriptions and fees. For full offer details, including how your access to the offer may end, see Rogers Third-Party Subscription Terms-Disney+ available at rogers.com/terms. A $5/month discount is available on eligible in-market consumer Rogers Infinite plans and 5G mobile plans to customers who set up Automatic Payments on their account (not retroactive). You must keep Automatic Payments active with an eligible plan to maintain this discount. Discount will end if you move to an ineligible plan or cancel Automatic Payments. Roam Like Home is provided by Rogers Communications Canada Inc. (“Rogers”) and available to most Rogers customers with an eligible postpaid mobile plan (most enterprise plans, monthly plans that include roaming services as well as prepaid accounts are excluded). You will automatically be credited up to 5 Roam Like Home days per year on your Rogers bill once you link your Rogers Mastercard account to your Rogers postpaid account and eligible mobile plan. Both accounts must be in good standing. Unused Roam Like Home days at no cost do not carry over to the following year. See rogers.com/terms for full Roam Like Home terms and conditions. 24-month discount available to Rogers or Shaw customers with an eligible home service activating a new mobile line or upgrading their device. Discount is $30/mo. for 5G Infinite Premium and $10/mo. for 5G Mobile 25GB and 5G Infinite Lite plan. Discount will be removed if you move to an ineligible mobile plan or cancel your home services. For additional lines - The monthly service fee discount of $20 applies to new and existing customers adding a 2nd line or more additional lines to their Rogers Infinite plan. Excludes stick, hotspot, rocket hub, Talk & Text and Wireless Home Phone additional lines. May not be combined with any other monthly service fee discount offer unless specifically stated. Credit of $20/month for the 2nd line or more additional lines will appear on customer’s bill following activation and will be applied for as long as customer maintains eligibility. $20/month discount applied as a bill credit. Plan change will cancel the discount. Discount of $30/month applies when activating or upgrading to a Rogers 5G Infinite Essential plan. May not be combined with any other discount offer unless specifically stated. Ineligible plan changes will cancel the discount. Discount of $10/month applies when activating or upgrading to a Rogers Infinite Essential or Premium plan for 24 months. May not be combined with any other discount offer unless specifically stated. Ineligible plan changes before the 24 months end will cancel the discount. Plan includes unlimited text and picture/video messages sent from Canada, the U.S. and Mexico to international numbers. Offers available for a limited time, subject to change without notice. Eligible destinations included are: Dominican Republic, Jamaica, Bahamas, Aruba, Barbados, Turks & Caicos, Trinidad and Tobago, Antilles, Cayman Islands, Puerto Rico, Antigua & Barbuda, Guadeloupe, Netherlands Antilles, St. Lucia, Martinique, Anguilla, St. Kitts & Nevis, Grenada, Trinidad, Antigua, St. Vincent & the Grenadines, St Lucia, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Virgin Islands, Montserrat, Dominica, Haiti and Cuba. Offer not available in cruise ships. Roam Like Home available at no additional cost for up to 90 days per calendar year in the eligible destinations in the Caribbean, Mexico and the U.S. combined (the daily Roam Like Home fee applies thereafter). To remain eligible for Roam Like Home at no additional cost for up to 90 days per calendar year in the eligible destinations in the Caribbean, Mexico and the U.S. combined, you must maintain your mobile plan for 12 consecutive months. If you move to another plan before the end of the initial 12-month period, the Roam Like Home promotion will end and may be lost even if you move back to the 5G Infinite Premium plan. Roam Like Home is a pay-per-use service. Fee charged per line in addition to plan monthly fee and applies per calendar day from first use in eligible destination until 11:59:59 p.m. based on Eastern Time (ET) regardless of which time zone you are roaming in. Roaming charges apply when outside eligible destination. Rogers.com/term for full terms and conditions. Roaming in the US, Mexico and eligible destinations in the Caribbean combined for up to 90 days per calendar year (daily Roam Like Home pay-per-use fee applies thereafter), Available on the Rogers Network, in an Extended Coverage area, in the U.S., Mexico or eligible destinations in the Caribbean excluding calls made through Call Forwarding, Video Calling or similar services. Plan includes calls from Canada, the U.S,Mexico and eligible destinations in the Caribbean to Canadian, U.S.,Mexican and eligible destinations in the Caribbean numbers only. Includes unlimited text/picture/video messages sent from Canada, the U.S,Mexico and eligible destinations in the Caribbean to Canadian, U.S.,Mexican or eligible destinations in the Caribbean mobile numbers and received texts from anywhere. Includes messages sent from Canada, the U.S. or Mexico to email addresses. Sent/received premium texts (alerts, messages related to content and promotions while roaming in the U.S. or Mexico and eligible destinations in the Caribbean are not included and charged at applicable rates. Roam Like Home daily fee is a Pay-Per-Use rate and subject to change without notice. Fee charged per line in addition to plan monthly fee and applies per calendar day from first use in eligible destination until 11:59:59 p.m. based on Eastern Time (ET) regardless of which time zone you are roaming in. Roaming charges apply when outside the eligible destination. See rogers.com/terms for full terms and conditions. undefined