Rogers Mastercard | Rogers Bank <iframe src="//www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-NS63QF" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"> Skip to main content Personal Business About Rogers Français Sign In Credit Cards Rogers Mastercard Overview Cardholder Benefits Rogers World Elite Mastercard Compare Credit Cards Cardholder Benefits Rewards Security Features Mobile Wallet Apple Pay Google Pay Samsung Pay Ways to Bank Overview Rogers Bank App Online Banking Telephone Help Centre FAQs How To Supporting Our Seniors Contact Us Sign In Credit Cards Rogers MastercardCardholder BenefitsRogers World Elite MastercardCompare Credit Cards Cardholder Benefits RewardsSecurity FeaturesMobile WalletApple PayGoogle PaySamsung Pay Ways to Bank OverviewRogers Bank AppOnline BankingTelephone Help Centre FAQsHow ToSupporting Our SeniorsContact Us Français Personal Business About Rogers Rogers Mastercard® 3% cash back value when you redeem with Rogers. Exclusively for Rogers customers. Apply Now Being a Rogers customer has never been more rewarding 10%cash back for the first 3 months up to $100.1 2%unlimited cash back on all eligible purchases if you have 1 qualifying service with Rogers, Fido or Shaw.2 Check Eligibility Otherwise 2%unlimited cash back on U.S. dollar purchases and 1%unlimited cash back on all other eligible purchases.2 1.5xMore cash back every time you redeem for Rogers, Fido or Shaw purchases - that’s a 3% cash back value.3 5Roam Like Home days at no cost every year for Rogers mobile plans (up to $75 value).4,* No annual fee *Access your Roam Like Home days when your Rogers account is linked to your Rogers Mastercard. Only one Rogers Mastercard can be linked to one eligible Rogers mobile account. You must be the primary account holder or a Level 1 Authorized user for the eligible service. Most eligible cardholders are linked automatically shortly after approval. You will be eligible for 2% cash back if you are actively subscribed to only 1 eligible service. Eligible services include: Postpaid Rogers-branded consumer mobile plans (which includes wireless home phone and tablet data plans). For these plans, users who have permission to make changes (i.e. a Level 1 Authorized User) are also eligible. Postpaid Fido-branded consumer mobile plans – primary account holders only (which includes wireless home phone and tablet data plans) Any Rogers, Shaw or Fido-branded internet, TV, home phone, home monitoring or satellite service – primary account holders only Apply Now Estimate your earnings with the Rogers Mastercard Select the services you currently have Rogers Mobile* Fido Mobile* Rogers, Fido, or Shaw Home (Internet, TV, home phone, home monitoring, or satellite) Get 2% unlimited cash back on all eligible purchases if you have 1 qualifying service with Rogers, Fido or Shaw.2 *Rogers and Fido mobile plans must be postpaid to qualify. Business/corporate plans do not qualify. Mobile plans with chatr do not qualify. Estimate your monthly spending U.S. dollar purchases 1% 2% /month All other eligible purchases 1% 2% /month Estimated yearly value Average value in the 1st year U.S. dollar purchases Non-U.S. dollar purchases Bonus 10% cash back for the first 3 months up to $100 5 Roam Like Home days at no cost 1.5x bonus on your earned cash back value when redeemed for Rogers purchases Includes: Bonus 10% cash back for the first 3 months up to $1001 Up to 2% on all your estimated spend thereafter2 5 Roam Like Home days at no cost (up to $75 value)4 1.5 times more cash back every time you redeem for Rogers, Fido or Shaw purchases - that’s a 3% cash back value3 No annual fee Exclusive benefits for Rogers customers The most cash back for Rogers customers 2% unlimited cash back on all eligible purchases if you have 1 qualifying Rogers, Fido, or Shaw service.2 5 Roam Like Home days every year Rogers mobile customers get to roam at no cost for 5 days every year with Roam Like Home in up to 185 destinations.4 Rogers Redemption Bonus Get 1.5 times more cash back every time you redeem for Rogers, Fido or Shaw purchases - that’s a 3% cash back value.3 Explore All Rogers Benefits Freedom to redeem your way Earn unlimited cash back rewards on eligible purchases anywhere Mastercard is accepted. Get 1.5 times more cash back every time you redeem for Rogers, Fido or Shaw purchases.2,3 Redeem your rewards easily with the Rogers Bank app. Learn More Manage your Rogers Mastercard anywhere Simplified banking, now available anywhere. The Rogers Bank app is the easiest way to manage your Rogers Bank account. Rogers Bank App The faster, easier, contactless way to pay. Use your mobile device to pay with your Rogers Mastercard in seconds. Mobile Wallet With a Rogers Bank Mastercard, you get... Transaction Monitoring & Alerts We'll help you automatically detect and prevent fraud. Learn More Zero Liability In the event of unauthorized use, you won’t be held liable. Learn More Balance Protection Group Balance Protection Insurance5 protects you and your loved ones from the financial impact of unforeseen events. Learn More Apply today and get 10% cash back on all purchases for the first 3 months (up to $1,000 spend).1 Get Started Interest, purchases: 19.99% (20.99% effective the first day of your April 2024 Statement period) Interest, cash advances: 22.99% Annual Fee: $0 See full details Offers subject to change without notice. Application approval subject to credit assessment and income verification. You will earn 10% cash back rewards on eligible purchases (less returns) on the first $1,000 in eligible purchases posted to your credit card account within the first 3 months. After that, you will earn cash back rewards on eligible purchases at the regular cash back rate applicable to your account and purchase (1 or 2%). Cash back rewards for returns or credits to your account after you have reached the cap may be deducted at the rate they were earned or at the rate applicable to your account at the time of the transaction. Cash advances, balance transfers, cash-like transactions, interest, fees, insurance premiums and payments are not eligible purchases and do not qualify. Cash back rewards can be redeemed online through the Rogers Bank app towards purchases or requested in the form of a statement credit annually. Minimum redemption amount is $10 CAD. Account must be open and in good standing to earn and redeem cash back rewards. It may take up to 5 months for the additional cash back rewards to be reflected in your account. Offer may be changed, cancelled or extended at any time without notice and cannot be combined with any other offers. Offer available to new cardholders only. You will earn 2% cash back rewards on eligible purchases made in US dollars and 1% cash back rewards on all other eligible purchases. If you are an eligible Rogers, Shaw or Fido customer with an eligible service and your accounts are in good standing, you will earn 2% cash back rewards on all eligible purchases. Eligible services include postpaid Rogers or Fido-branded consumer mobile plans (including wireless home phone and tablet data plans) or any Rogers, Shaw or Fido-branded internet, TV, home phone, home monitoring or satellite plan. Business/corporate plans are excluded. You must be the primary account holder for the eligible service. Eligibility for postpaid Rogers consumer mobile plans includes user who has permission to make changes on the account (i.e. a Level 1 Authorized User). Cash back rewards are earned on eligible purchases or deducted for returns on a per-transaction basis based on the posting date of the transaction. Cash advances, balance transfers, cash-like transactions, interest, fees, insurance premiums and payments are not eligible purchases and do not qualify. Minimum redemption amount is $10 CAD. Cash back rewards can be redeemed online through the Rogers Bank app towards purchases or requested in the form of a statement credit annually. Account must be open and in good standing to earn and redeem cash back rewards. Foreign currency transactions are converted to Canadian dollars at the rate established by Mastercard International in effect on or after the date of the transaction and no later than the date the transaction is posted to the account plus an amount equal to 2.5% of the transaction amount after it has been converted to Canadian dollars. Your cash back rewards can be redeemed for 1.5 times (or 150%) of their regular redemption value when you apply them against eligible Rogers Communications Canada Inc. (“Rogers”) purchases, including new phones, bill payments and accessories. Fido and Shaw purchases are included. Exclusions apply. Redemptions must be made in the Rogers Bank app, where eligible Rogers purchases are identified. Minimum redemption amount is $10 CAD. Roam Like Home is provided by Rogers Communications Canada Inc. ("Rogers") and available to most Rogers customers with an eligible postpaid wireless plan (most enterprise plans, monthly plans that include roaming services as well as prepaid accounts are excluded). You will automatically be credited up to 5 Roam Like Home days per year on your Rogers bill once you link your Rogers Mastercard account to your Rogers postpaid account and eligible wireless plan. Both accounts must be in good standing. Unused Roam Like Home days at no cost do not carry over to the following year. See rogers.com/terms for full Roam Like Home terms and conditions. Rogers Bank optional Group Balance Protection group insurance is underwritten by Canadian Premier Life Insurance Company. ®/™Mastercard and World Elite are registered trademarks and the circles design is a trademark of Mastercard International Incorporated. Used under license. ™ Rogers and Mobius Design, Rogers Bank and related marks, logos and brand names are trademarks of Rogers Communications Inc., or an affiliate, used under license. © 2024 Rogers Bank. The Rogers Mastercard is a credit card issued by Rogers Bank. Contact Us Privacy Notice Accessibility Legal Corporate Credit Card Identification Verification © 2024 Rogers Bank