Freedom Mobile Network Coverage Map Skip Navigation Shop Devices TradeUp Plans Bring Your Own Phone Prepaid Special Offers Add-ons Home Internet Trade-In Coverage Network Coverage International Calling & Texting International Roaming Transit Support All Support Account & Billing Network & Coverage Plans & Services Phones & Devices Home Internet Device Repair Device Care Self-Serve My Freedom Login Express Payment My Account SIM Activation Contact Us Apple iMessage WhatsApp Facebook Messenger Other Contact Options Order Online Find a Store Freedom's network coverage. Our nationwide plans have you covered with data, talk and text that you can use in Canada. Experience lightning-fast speeds from our 5G network. Coverage map The Freedom Mobile coverage area is an approximation of the actual wireless service available and is subject to change as more towers are built. The level of voice and data service while within the Freedom network coverage area may vary due to terrain, foliage, technical capacity, or weather conditions. Freedom Mobile cannot guarantee service availability. Freedom’s 5G network is accessible with a 5G plan and a 5G compatible phone when within Freedom’s 5G coverage areas. You’ll need a compatible 5G device with up-to-date software and 5G enabled in your device's settings. Depending on which frequencies your phone supports you will be able to experience faster data speeds and improved experience. Check out our selection of phones or bring your own phone. Freedom Our services and rate plans are designed for you to use predominantly on the Freedom network. Learn more about the Freedom network. Nationwide When you travel outside of the Freedom network, you’ll be automatically connected to a partner’s network. Your phone will display ‘Nationwide’ when in this area and may also indicate that it’s roaming. Nationwide plans. Freedom’s nationwide plans offer data, talk and text that you can use across Canada, starting at $19/mo., with Digital Discount3. Shop Plans Growing 5G network. Experience lightning-fast speeds from our 5G network that will transform how you both work and play. Learn more about 5G We’ve got your transit commute covered. Stay connected on Toronto’s TTC Subway and Vancouver’s SkyTrain with a Freedom Phone LineTM. Learn More Enjoy more Freedom with WiFi. Connect with Freedom WiFi and enjoy access to over 100,000 hotspots across Western Canada. Learn More View Terms & Conditions A one-time connection fee of up to $45 will apply to each new line or device activation/upgrade. All Freedom Mobile services are subject to our Terms of Service, MyTab Additional Terms of Service, TradeUp Additional Terms of Service, Fair Usage Policy and Privacy Policy. *Starting July 24 2023, all Freedom Mobile subscribers (excluding prepaid and select applicable plans) that have recurring Freedom Network and/or Nationwide data allotments will have their Freedom Network and/or Nationwide data converted into Freedom Nationwide data. Freedom Nationwide data is defined as data that can be used on both Freedom and Canadian partner networks. Only recurring Freedom data and/or Nationwide data will be converted to Freedom Nationwide data. This excludes Data Passes, Big Binge Bonus Data and Pay Per Use data amounts.  **Starting Jul 24, 2023, subscribers who are on a $39 per month and above rate plan (after Digital Discount where applicable) will have 5G speeds available to them. To access 5G speeds, the subscriber needs to be on a 5G eligible rate plan, needs to have a 5G enabled device with a 5G enabled SIM card and needs to be in a 5G coverage area. 1. MyTab monthly payment required. Savings based on Regular Selling Price. MyTab monthly payment required for 24 months. Conditions apply. Offer subject to change or cancellation without notice. Taxes, government fees and pay-per-use charges are extra. Early cancellation fees apply. For TradeUp, additional savings are contingent on return of device in eligible condition within month 24. 2. Applicable taxes extra. 3. Digital Discount Digital Discount promotion is subject to change or cancellation without notice. To be eligible to receive the $5/month Digital Discount, you must (i) be subscribed to a Prepaid or Postpaid line on an eligible plan (in-market plans, except for Prepaid By The Year, Tablet and Watch plans), (ii) sign up for Auto Pay (pre-authorized payments), (iii) have an active and valid Auto Pay method on file, and (iv) redeem the “Digital Discount” promo code at a Freedom Mobile retail location or through your My Account. The promo code can only be applied once to each eligible line. A $5 monthly discount will start to be applied on your next top-up date following promo code redemption (for Prepaid customers), or on your next bill following promo code redemption (for Postpaid customers). Postpaid customers: you must complete the above eligibility requirements on the same day you activate your eligible plan to ensure the discount is received on your first/next bill. If you are not eligible for the promotion during any month, that monthly discount will be entirely forfeited and cannot be made up. If you qualify for the discount in the months following the ineligible month, you will receive the discount in those subsequent months. Movement between eligible plans will not result in the loss of the monthly discount. Your service will no longer be eligible for the discount if you: (a) Change your rate plan to a non-eligible plan, or (b) Port your number away from Freedom Mobile. Applicable taxes extra. 4. Unlimited Plans Data Policy Freedom Mobile’s unlimited data plans include (depending on your selected plan) from 50GB to 100GB of full-speed data that can be used at 5G speeds on the Freedom network (where available) and at 4G speeds (up to 100 Mbps) on partner networks in Nationwide, the U.S., and Mexico (as applicable, see freedommobile.ca/plans for plan details). See freedommobile.ca/coverage for more information on Freedom’s coverage area. Once your full-speed allotment is depleted, you will continue to have access to data services, with no data overage fees, but at a slower speed – of up to 256 kilobits per second (for downloads) and 128 kilobits per second (for uploads) on the Freedom Network, and up to 128 kilobits per second (for downloads) and 64 kilobits per second (for uploads) on partner networks in Nationwide, the U.S., and Mexico (as applicable) – until the end of your current billing cycle. Applications such as web browsing, email, instant messaging, voice over IP services, or low-quality audio streaming will continue to work, but at a slower speed. Applications that normally require greater bandwidth, such as video streaming or peer-to-peer file sharing will also continue to work, but the slower speed may affect application performance. We will send you a text message notifying you when you have used 70% and 100% of the full-speed allotment included in your plan, at which point you may choose to purchase a data add-on to add more full-speed data to your plan. In all cases, usage is subject to the Freedom Mobile Terms of Service and Fair Usage Policy. 5. 5G Access 5G access is available with a 5G plan, a 5G compatible phone, and when you're within 5G network coverage area. 7. Student Offer Offer is available for a limited time at participating Freedom Mobile locations and is subject to change or cancellation without notice. Applicable taxes extra. $40/mo. is based on a $50/mo. plan after Digital Discount, less the $10 student offer for 24 months. To be eligible for the student offer, you must activate a new line on an eligible plan (Nationwide Unlimited 100GB + 5G (with U.S.)) and have a promo code applied during the promotion period. You must be a student of an eligible post-secondary institution, and during the new activation must: (i) show proof of enrollment (either a student ID or enrollment letter), (ii) use an eligible student email address on the account (each email address can only be used once) and (iii) create a new 1-line account (new lines on existing accounts are not eligible). The credits will start to be applied as a bill adjustment before tax on your 2nd bill. You will receive a $10 discount off the monthly price of the plan for 24 months as you remain active on an eligible plan. Each promo code can only be used once and applies to one line only - not the full account. The promotion may not be combined with any other recurring discount promotions, except for Digital Discount. Your service will no longer be eligible for the discount if you: (a) Change your rate plan to a non-eligible plan, (b) change your email address from a student domain to an ineligible domain. 8. Roam Beyond Plan Canada’s most affordable international roaming plan (Roam Beyond) is based on comparable plans and roaming rates of other Canadian wireless carriers as of February 15, 2024, for a customer who travels in Roam Beyond included destinations over a one-month period. Your service is subject to a $30 fee if you change to another plan within 3 months of activating on, or migrating to, the Roam Beyond plan. For 30-day pass options, visit My Account. Destinations included with the Roam Beyond plan are subject to change (destinations may be added or removed), visit freedommobile.ca/plans or My Account to view a current list of destinations included. Unlimited Plans Data Policy⁴ only applies to data usage in Canada, U.S. and Mexico. See Unlimited Plans Data Policy and Fair Usage Policy for more details. 9. Standard Voicemail Standard Voicemail (offered on 4G LTE plans) can store up to 5 messages, with each message stored for up to 5 days. Voicemail+ (offered on 5G plans) can store up to 50 messages, with new messages stored for up to 30 days and saved messages stored for up to 90 days. Messages can be resaved during the storage period but will be deleted if past the storage period. Monthly plan customers with Standard Voicemail can upgrade to Voicemail+ by subscribing to the monthly add-on. 10. Pay Per Use Charges Apple Watch plan utilizes the Freedom Nationwide data included in your associated phone plan when connected via Bluetooth. Pay Per Use Charges may apply. 11. Tablet Plans To be eligible for a Tablet plan, you must activate a new Postpaid line or complete a hardware upgrade on an eligible Tablet (ZTE Grand X View 4, Samsung Tab A7 Lite) with MyTab at participating Freedom Mobile locations. All services subject to Freedom Mobile’s Terms of Service, Fair Usage Policy Internet Traffic Management Policy and Privacy Policy. 12. Determining the value of your Trade-In Device Offer subject to change without notice. Offer available for a limited time at Freedom Mobile corporate stores and participating Freedom Mobile dealer locations. Must be legal owner of the phone traded in. Maximum 1 phone per trade-in. Your device Trade-In value is determined by us in our sole discretion and is based on phone make, model, and physical condition. You will not receive extra value for trading in other in-box accessories (Example: charger, earbuds, external case, etc.). If we determine, in our sole discretion, that your Trade-In Device has no Trade-In value we will gladly take it and recycle it for you. As part of our ongoing green initiatives, any mobile phone may be dropped off at any Freedom Mobile store for responsible recycling. All trade-in program details are subject to Trade-InTerms and Conditions. 13. 1000 Long Distance Minutes Offer Offer is available for a limited time and is subject to change or cancellation without notice. Applicable taxes extra. To be eligible for the promotion, you must activate a new line or complete a phone upgrade, on an eligible plan ($29+ plans after Digital Discount) during the promotion period. You will receive 1,000 long distance minutes per month for 24 months that can be used to call the following destinations from Canada, as long as you remain active on an eligible plan: Australia, Bangladesh, Brazil, China, Germany, Hong Kong, India, Japan, Malaysia, Mexico, Singapore, South Korea, Taiwan, United Kingdom. Any unused minutes are non-refundable and non-transferable. The promotion may not be combined with any other long distance offers. 14. Bring Your Own Phone Offer Offer is subject to change or cancellation without notice. To be eligible for the $5 monthly credit for 24 months, you must activate a new bring your own phone line on an eligible plan ($5 off Nationwide Unlimited 20GB + 5G (with U.S.) Promo, Nationwide Unlimited 50GB/75GB + 5G (with U.S.), or Nationwide Unlimited 60GB + 5G (with U.S.-Mexico)) during the promotion period. The credits will start to be applied as a bill adjustment before tax on your 2nd bill. You will receive a $5 credit off the monthly price of the plan for 24 months, as long as you remain active on an eligible plan. The promotion may not be combined with any other in-market recurring discount, except for Digital Discount. Your service will no longer be eligible for the promotion if you: a) Downgrade your rate plan to a non-eligible plan; b) Sign up for MyTab; or c) Port your number away from Freedom Mobile. If you are not eligible for the promotion during any month, that credit will be entirely forfeited and cannot be made up. If you qualify for the credit in the months following the ineligible month, you will continue to receive the credit as applicable. 15. Price Freeze Promise Price Freeze Promise is our guarantee that the price of a wireless rate plan (prior to any discounts or credits) that any customer subscribes to and maintains will never incur a price increase. This guarantee is in effect as of April 3, 2023, and applies to all wireless rate plans that were available, are available, and will be available to our current and future customers. The Price Freeze Promise only covers the wireless rate plan price itself, and not any other charges or fees, such as taxes, levies, pay-per-use charges, one-time passes, add-ons, device financing charges (such as MyTab and TradeUp charges), or any other additional charges/fees. 16. 3rd+ Line Offer Offer is available for a limited time and is subject to change or cancellation without notice. Applicable taxes extra. To be eligible for the $10 monthly credit, you must: (i) have a minimum of 2 other active lines, both on an eligible plan ($45+/mo. after Digital Discount), (ii) activate additional new line(s) on an eligible plan (Nationwide Unlimited 100GB + 5G (with U.S.)) , and (iii) not have canceled any line on your account within 60 days of activating this offer. The credit will only be applied to the additional new line(s). The credits will start to be applied as a bill adjustment before tax on your 1st bill after adding the new additional line(s). You will receive a $10 credit off the monthly price of the plan as long as you remain active and subscribed to an eligible plan. The promotion may not be combined with any other in-market recurring credit offer, except for Digital Discount. A line on your account will no longer be eligible for the promotion if you: a) change the rate plan on the new line(s) to a non-eligible plan, or b) no longer have a minimum of 2 other active lines on an eligible plan. If you are not eligible for the promotion during any month, that credit will be entirely forfeited and cannot be made up. If you qualify for the credit in the months following the ineligible month, you will continue to receive the credit as applicable. 17. Prepaid $29 Credit in 3rd Month Offer Offer is available for a limited time and is subject to change or cancellation without notice. Applicable taxes extra. To be eligible for the $29 credit, you must activate a new prepaid line on an eligible plan ($24-$50/mo. with Digital Discount plans, excluding the Roam Beyond 15GB plan). Not eligible on Prepaid By The Year plans. The credit will be applied as a credit adjustment before tax after your 2nd month of service. You will receive a $29 one-time credit as long as you remain active and subscribed to an eligible plan. The promotion cannot be combined with any other in-market offer, except for Digital Discount and bring your own phone offers. For Digital Discount program details and how to redeem your $5 monthly discount, visit freedommobile.ca/digitaldiscount. 18. Waived Postpaid Connection Fee Offer is only available online and is subject to change or cancellation without notice. To be eligible for a waived connection fee ($45 in savings), you must activate a new postpaid line or complete a hardware upgrade during the promotion period. For new prepaid lines, a one-time $10 connection fee will apply. 19. $5/mo. credit over 24 months with iPhone 15 and select plan Offer is available for eligible customers at participating Freedom Mobile retail locations. Available only while supplies last and subject to change or cancellation without notice. To be eligible for the $5 monthly credit for 24 months promotion, you must: Activate a new service on, or upgrade your phone to, an iPhone 15 or iPhone 15 Plus, and Select the $60 (after Digital Discount) Nationwide Unlimited 60GB + 5G (with U.S.-Mexico) plan. Requires 24-month services agreement. The credits will start to be applied as a bill adjustment before tax on your 2nd bill. The credits will be applied as long as your account is in good standing (not suspended or cancelled) and as long as you continue to be eligible. You will no longer be eligible for the promotion if you: a) downgrade your rate plan to a non-eligible plan; b) port your number away from Freedom Mobile; or c) cancel your Freedom Mobile account. If you are not eligible for the promotion during any month, that credit will be entirely forfeited and cannot be made up. If you qualify for the credit in the months following the ineligible month, you will continue to receive the credit as applicable. Early cancellation fees apply. The promotion may not be combined with any other recurring discount promotions, except for Digital Discount. For Digital Discount program details and how to redeem your $5 monthly discount, visit freedommobile.ca/digitaldiscount. MyTab Additional Terms of Service apply – see freedommobile.ca/MyTab. TradeUp Additional Terms of Service apply – see freedommobile.ca/en-CA/tradeuptandc. Applicable taxes extra. 20. Data By The Gig Purchase 4G LTE Data when you need it. To purchase, visit My Account. 28. Visual Voicemail One Month Trial The One Month Trial of Visual Voicemail is subject to change or cancellation without notice. The Visual Voicemail add-on is only available to customers that subscribe to a plan with data allotment (excluding 4G plans), and are on a compatible device. For more details, please refer to: https://www.freedommobile.ca/en-CA/support/What-is-Visual-Voicemail. You will receive a one-time $4 credit for the first full month of your Visual Voicemail subscription, which will appear in your monthly bill. To be eligible to receive the $4 credit for the One Month Trial of Visual Voicemail offer, you must (i) be subscribed to a plan with data allotment (excluding 4G plans), and on a device that is compatible with the Visual Voicemail add-on, as outlined above, and (ii) subscribe to Visual Voicemail. The promotion can only be applied once to each eligible line. After your first full month of Visual Voicemail has completed, you will be charged the monthly recurring rate of $4 for Visual Voicemail unless you unsubscribe to the service. Your service will no longer be eligible for the discount if during the promotion period you (a) change your rate plan to a non-Eligible Plan, or (b) port your number away from Freedom Mobile. Applicable taxes extra. All Freedom Mobile services are subject to our Terms of Service, MyTab Additional Terms of Service, Fair Usage Policy and Privacy Policy. CONTACT Contact Us Find a Store SUPPORT All Support Account & Billing Network & Coverage Phones & Devices Plans & Services Home Internet Device Repair Device Care ABOUT US Our story News Room Careers Accessibility MORE Terms of Service TradeUp Additional Terms of Service Privacy Policy Wireless Public Alerting Wi-Fi Calling Terms of Service Fair Usage Policy Internet Traffic Management Carrier Access Tariff Home Internet Terms Of Service Home Internet Acceptable Use Policy Wireless Code of Conduct Internet Code Provide Feedback © 2024 Freedom Mobile Inc. CONTACT Contact Us Find a Store SUPPORT All Support Account & Billing Network & Coverage Phones & Devices Plans & Services Home Internet Device Repair Device Care ABOUT US Our story News Room Careers Accessibility MORE Terms of Service TradeUp Additional Terms of Service Privacy Policy Wireless Public Alerting Wi-Fi Calling Terms of Service Fair Usage Policy Internet Traffic Management Carrier Access Tariff Home Internet Terms Of Service Home Internet Acceptable Use Policy Wireless Code of Conduct Internet Code Provide Feedback © 2024 Freedom Mobile Inc.