Bell for Better | Bell Canada Skip to main content Personal Business Small and Medium1 to 99 employees Large100+ employees Bell for Better Find a store Find a store Book an appointment Find a store Enter your address or postal code Filter store by In-store appointments Mobile devices for business + consumer Residential: Internet + TV + Phone Business: Internet + TV + Phone Mobile repairs Fibe TV live demo Bell Trade-in program Chinese Support華語服務 Hindi | Punjabi Support Find stores Accessibility Select province Ontario ON Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon FR Home Mobility Log in / Register Back Cart Mobility SHOP MOBILITY Why Bell Mobility Our network Plans Phones and devices Connected things Internet SHOP INTERNET Why Fibe Internet Fibe Internet packages Wi-Fi Rural Internet Promotions TV SHOP TV Why Fibe TV Fibe TV packages Why the Fibe TV app Fibe TV app packages Satellite TV What's on Promotions Smart Home SHOP SMART HOME Why Bell Smart Home Packages Devices Home phone SHOP HOME PHONE Packages Long distance Calling features Bundles SHOP BUNDLES Popular bundles Build your own Promotions Promotions Support Personal Business Small and Medium1 to 99 employees Large100+ employees Bell for Better Find a store Book an appointment Accessibility AB BC MB NB NL NT NS NU ON PE QC SK YT FR Select this button and then dictate your search. Successful results will be displayed on a new page. Your shopping cart is empty Log in / Register Mobility Dictate your search change selected close Your current region: Ontario Change current region Change Select your province or territory below Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon Your current region: Ontario change Select a region: Select your province or territory below Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon Bell for Better Bell for Better We’re building energy-efficient fibre networks. Just one of our many initiatives making our world more prosperous, more sustainable, and more connected every day. Bell for Better We’re helping newcomers build a life in Canada. Just one of our many initiatives making our world more prosperous, more sustainable, and more connected every day. Bell for Better We’re creating a sustainable future Bell has been ranked the most sustainable communications company in the world in Corporate Knights’ Global 100 list for 2024. Introducing Bell for Better Every day we work to advance how Canadians connect with each other and the world. Our business is communications, but our reach goes far beyond this. As one of Canada’s largest companies, we believe our passion and the way we invest our time and money will make a positive difference. We are driven to continually improve our impact and our contribution to society. With our connectivity commitments in remote communities and the largest cities, as well as investments in mental health initiatives, environmental sustainability, and an engaged workplace, we look to create a thriving, prosperous and more connected world. As a company we’re invested in the bigger picture. We’re invested in creating a better today. And a better tomorrow. We couldn’t be more excited about it. Discover stories Better world From support for mental health and protecting the environment, to accessibility and privacy, we are investing in society for a better tomorrow. Learn more Better world Mental Health Environment Data Governance Accessibility Leader in mental health Since 2010, Bell Let’s Talk has been the largest-ever corporate commitment to Canadian mental health. We’re investing in mental health programs in every corner of the country so that more Canadians can get better access to the care they need. Learn more about Bell Let’s Talk. Our mental health initiatives include: Current mental health funding commitment of $139,588,747.75; well on the way to our objective of at least $155 million by 2025. Engaging Canadians to create positive change through Bell Let’s Talk Day. Partnering with 1,500+ organizations providing mental health supports and services throughout Canada. Scaling up evidence-based programs and best practices to improve access to mental health supports and services in communities nationwide. Supporting mental health initiatives in BIPOC communities through the Bell Let’s Talk Diversity Fund. Transforming youth mental health services through our partnership with the Graham Boeckh Foundation to accelerate the delivery of mental health services for young people through Integrated Youth Services (IYS) hubs across Canada. Dedicated to protecting the environment Powering our network with renewable energy for sustainable office buildings, Bell’s award-winning leadership in environmental protection includes a wide range of innovative programs. It also extends to how we work with our suppliers, and helps our customers meet their own environmental objectives when they choose our products and services in place of travel, or to manage their business. Our environmental initiatives and accomplishments include: Achieving greenhouse gas emissions reductions by 2030 in line with the Paris climate agreement and the Science Based Targets initiative. Our first milestone is to achieve carbon neutral operations in 2025. Reducing fuel consumption and greenhouse gas emissions by modernizing our fleet and adding thousands of electric vehicles by 2027. Reducing e-waste from consumer electronic devices – 16.5 million devices recovered in the last seven years. Delivering more resilient, energy-efficient fibre networks for our wireline and wireless customers across Canada. Ranking among the most sustainable companies in the world on the Corporate Knights 2023 Global100 list. Supporting World Wildlife Fund (WWF) and their Regenerate Canada program through the Bell Blue Box program at our retail locations. We donate the net proceeds from the value of thousands of recycled mobile phones to this important environmental initiative. Continuing to be one of Canada’s Greenest Employers for the seventh consecutive year, as recognized by MediaCorp. Being the first communications company in North America to have its environmental and energy management systems certified to the relevant ISO standard. Providing transparent analysis of the effect climate change is having on our business and of our climate-related performance in our TCFD Report on BCE’s Climate-related Risks and Opportunities. Creating a Sustainable Financing Framework and issuing our first Sustainability Bond – a financial instrument that will help transparently fund eligible green and/or social projects. Responsible data governance We are committed to safeguarding our customers’ privacy. We collect data appropriately, use it for purposes that have been disclosed in advance, and keep it secure. Learn more about our Privacy Policy. Our data governance guiding principles include: Protecting data and using it appropriately across its lifecycle. We incorporate data governance proactively as a core consideration in all our business initiatives and technology decisions. Continuously enhancing our prevention, detection and remediation programs in response to evolving security threats. As a global leader in the telecommunications industry and a trusted partner to our customers, we drive a security-by-design culture through an employee awareness program that embeds security and data protection in all aspects of what we do. In the 26 months since the introduction of our fraud and scam blocking system, we’ve protected Canadians by preventing approximately 1.5 billion fraud and scam calls from reaching customers. Continuously investing in cyber security. We invest in automation, machine learning, artificial intelligence and other ways to better protect ourselves and our customers. Sharing cyber threats and best practices for the greater good. Bell is a founding member and Board chair of the Canadian Cyber Threat Exchange (CCTX.ca). Recognized by IDC as a leader in the Canadian security services market for four years in a row. Providing accessible technology We are leaders in providing solutions to break down barriers for Canadians with accessibility needs. Learn more about our accessibility solutions. Our initiatives for those with accessibility needs include: Dedicated Accessibility Services Centre providing specialized customer service. Accessibility discounts on certain products, services and solutions available to eligible customers. We also provide adaptive products and services for customers with mobility, cognitive, hearing, vision and speech disabilities. Dedicated developer program and funding to support the development of dedicated apps, including MobiHelper, designed for users with physical disabilities, and a pilot project with the University of Guelph enabling their app to notify people on campus of silent maintenance vehicles. Partnerships with accessibility organizations, including the Canadian Council for the Blind and Brain Injuries of Canada. Better communities By investing and acting responsibly, we help build better communities across the country, and contribute to bettering Canada’s economy across all regions. Learn more Better communities Economy Remote Communities Community Investment Sports and Recreation Contributing to economic prosperity We are a driving force in Canada’s economy and committed to providing fast, reliable and high-capacity broadband network connections in urban and rural communities alike this year. Our contributions to the Canadian economy include: Our purpose is to advance how Canadians connect with each other and the world. We are investing as much as $14 billion between 2020 and 2022 to deliver faster and better connectivity to more Canadians. In 2021, Bell accelerated new all-fibre network builds that deliver Internet total download access speeds of up to 1.5 gigabits per second (Gbps) for residential and business customers in major urban centres and over 50 smaller rural communities in Atlantic Canada, Ontario, Québec and Manitoba, and also began offering Wireless Home Internet (WHI) in Manitoba. In total, Bell reached an estimated 7.2 million locations with pure fibre and WHI connections by the end of 2021 and expanded our 5G network to cover over 70% of the Canadian population. Learn more: bell.ca/connectcanada. Providing reliable telecommunications infrastructure that creates jobs, advances trade, and contributes to economic growth. Bell’s wireless and wireline networks deliver over 99.99% availability, enabling Canadians to connect and do business with the world. Investing in Canadian innovation with an industry-leading $500 million in research and development spending annually. We’re partnering with Canadian business and universities to develop better, faster and more resilient solutions to global issues such as mobile communications, energy efficiency, environmental protection and cyber security. Creating jobs: in addition to being one of Canada’s largest employers, we annually support more than 700,000 Canadian jobs through our supplier network. Serving remote or underserved communities Through investments in network infrastructure and services that advance how Canadians connect with each other and the world, we deliver wireline and wireless connections to more Canadians in more cities, towns and smaller communities than ever. We’re working to connect Canadians by: Investing more than any other Canadian communications company in advanced networks and innovative services, working with government and other partners to roll out better broadband in rural and remote locations, and providing programs for schools and students. Collaborating with Indigenous peoples in more than 30 rural and remote First Nation communities in Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, Québec and Ontario, the Bell Network team continues to work directly with the leadership of Indigenous communities, in partnership with federal and provincial governments, to bring high-speed fibre Internet connections to homes, businesses and community centres. Assisting Canadian families who may struggle to afford access to home Internet. Bell and other participating Internet service providers fund the federal government program Connecting Families, which offers Internet access to eligible families for $20 a month, and in 2022 expands to include low-income seniors. Refurbishing company computers, printers and other electronic devices that are no longer needed, and donating them to families and schools through the national Computers for Schools Plus program. Community investment and team giving Being an engaged corporate citizen has been central to our identity for 143 years. This includes our Bell Let’s Talk mental health initiative, a range of other community projects and sponsorships, as well as the generous volunteerism and charitable giving of our team members. Last year, we supported more than 2,000 community organizations across the country through the following: Our Bell team members are highly engaged in charitable giving and volunteerism, making communities stronger from coast to coast. We’re proud to help amplify their initiatives by matching employee donations to registered Canadian charities up to $1,000 per employee, per year. Bell also provides team grants to recognize the volunteer work our employees and retirees do with charitable organizations across Canada. Through the 2023 Bell for Better Team Giving Campaign and Program, more than $3.5 million was raised and employees and retirees volunteered more than 120,000 hours. Partnering with a wide range of youth-oriented organizations such as Kids Help Phone, the Canadian Centre for Child Protection (including Cybertip.ca), and MediaSmarts, as well as programs like Computers for Schools. Partnerships with over 100 local Chambers of Commerce to help fuel economic development and support community-building projects. Year-round sponsorships: we are proud to partner with some of the best sport organizations and festivals across the country. From Cavendish Beach Music Festival, to the Winnipeg Blue Bombers to Festival d'été de Québec, these events celebrate culture and community spirit, create impact locally and from coast to coast, and are a driving force behind the economy. During the COVID-19 pandemic, we provided more than 16,000 wireless devices to health care and social agencies, and 1.5 million masks to frontline workers throughout Canada. Helping Canadian athletes achieve their Olympic and Paralympic dreams Canada is a sporting nation, inspired in every community by the passion and performance of the Canadian Olympic and Paralympic Teams. At Bell, we appreciate the hard work and dedication that our athletes put into their sports and we recognize the financial support needed to help them perform to their full potential. We’re investing in sport and Canadian podium success in multiple ways: Bell has been a proud supporter of the Canadian Olympic Team since 1996 and the Canadian Paralympic Team since 2013. Our funding goes into the national sport system to support athletes in their path to the podium via Games preparation, high performance funding, system excellence, next generation support, education and community outreach. In addition to overall Team Canada support, Bell provides athletes with a phone and service to ensure they are able to stay in touch with their support system and use the applications that help them train each day. Over the past 25 years, the Bell Athletes Connect program has benefited over 10,000 athletes. Bell is working with National Sport Organizations to help expand access and programs for athletes across the country – including Swimming Canada and Athletics Canada. Better workplace As one of Canada’s largest employers, we support diversity, equity and inclusion in our workforce, as well as continuous learning, innovative workplace mental health initiatives, and award-winning programs for team member engagement. Learn more Better workplace Inclusive Culture Healthy Workplace Employee Growth Fostering an inclusive culture We’re a diverse society, and that’s why we’re committed to fostering an inclusive, equitable and accessible workplace where all team members feel valued, respected and supported. Recognized as one of Canada's Top 100 Employers for the eighth year in a row, we embrace a diverse, equitable and inclusive workplace. At Bell, we’re proud to support newcomers to Canada with job opportunities and so much more. From language and development training, to ambassador resource groups, to assisting with the permanent residency process, we’re committed to helping our newest Canadians build a life in Canada. We’re also proud to support employee-led resource groups, made up of 4,000+ engaged members, such as Women at Bell, Black Professionals at Bell, and Pride at Bell, enabling team members to connect across the organization with fellow team members to share resources and experiences. Our supplier diversity program promotes equal sourcing opportunities to diverse suppliers, which allows us to better reflect the diverse customers and communities we serve. Businesses include: Canadian Aboriginal and Minority Supplier Council (CAMSC) Women Business Enterprises (WBE) Canada’s LGBT+ Chamber of Commerce (CGLCC) Inclusive Workplace and Supply Council of Canada (IWSCC) Canadian Council for Aboriginal Business (CCAB) Bell is a signatory of the Catalyst Accord 2022 and a member of the 30% Club. In 2022, we exceeded our 2022 targets with women now representing 36% of BCE’s full Board of Directors, and 38% of non-executive Board members. We also continue to work toward our goal of 25% BIPOC representation in senior leadership by 2025. Bell is an advocate and supporter of programs that advance opportunities for women in science, technology, engineering and mathematics. We are a partner of Women in Communications and Technology (WCT) and place emphasis on recruiting and developing women for STEM-related roles at Bell. We partner with leading inclusion-focused organizations to apply best practices, support recruitment strategies and provide our team members with access to events, mentoring and networking opportunities, and other professional development resources, like our conscious inclusion leadership course for all people leaders. Our most recent partners include Ascend Canada, Indigenous Works, Black Professionals in Tech Network, Catalyst and Lime Connect. Canada’s Top 100 Employers recognized Bell as one of Canada’s Best Diversity Employers in the years 2017 to 2022. Nurturing a healthy workplace We seek to provide a safe and healthy workplace and provide our team members a variety of mental health education, events and wellness programs. Our workplace initiatives for mental health and wellness include the following: Team members and all family members covered under their benefits plan have access to unlimited mental health care coverage. Many licensed professionals are now covered, including psychologists, social workers, psychotherapists, registered clinical counsellors and couples or family therapists. Other services include an employee and family assistance program, virtual telemedicine and access to a wellness library, including videos, podcasts, daily mindfulness sessions and virtual fitness sessions. Workplace Mental Health Leadership certificate program: the world’s first university certified program developed with Queen’s University and Morneau Shepell is mandatory for all our people leaders to strengthen the understanding of workplace mental health issues, how to support team members and the business case for good workplace mental health. Online interactive mental health training is available to all employees, providing them with strategies to help improve their mental health and support others. Over 1,300 mental health events offered across Canada since 2010 in support of Bell Let's Talk Day, Mental Health Week, Mental Illness Awareness Week and National Suicide Prevention Day. These events engage and educate employees, create a supportive and inclusive environment and provide access to mental health information from health care organizations, professionals and persons with lived experience. Our family-friendly policies include enhanced maternity/parental benefits and work from home flexibility to help make it easier for team members to balance family and work. Supporting employee growth and development Our career development strategy and suite of offerings empowers team members to take ownership and achieve their career goals. Committed to sustaining a high-performance culture, we strongly support continuous learning, leadership development and award-winning programs for team member engagement. Visit Jobs@Bell.ca. We are better when we invest in our team’s development through: Growth and career development: Bell U, a virtual university, provides opportunities for team members to develop the skills needed to move into a new role by obtaining professional designations and qualifications in high-demand, technology-focused areas. Helping our team members become effective and confident leaders. Bell’s Leadership Development Pathway provides team members with a focused development plan to strengthen the skills, behaviours and performance that will help them succeed at each level. Providing meaningful opportunities for our next generation of leaders by investing in programs for recent graduates, interns and summer students. By dedicating special attention to youth, we make sure that our future leaders have all the tools and resources available to succeed in the workplace. Featured stories Discover the impact Bell for Better has made on our communities. SheCanSk8 Ma Mawi IWK Foundation Paidia Accessibility North American Indigenous Games WNBA Canadian Centre for Child Protection Environment North Forge Swimming Canada Waste management Filmmaker Anas Nannis Hurricane Fiona Mental Health Benefits TAIBU Bell Capital Cup Blue Bombers Youth Camp Bell True Patriot Love fund NBA girls basketball clinic Canadian Red Cross Lan ETS Bell Blue Box program OPK helping Indigenous Youth Solar Cell Sites Bell Murals Bay of Fundy Jack.org BELL FOR BETTER For years, we’ve invested in better. And we’re just getting started. Through Bell for Better, we're working every day to create better outcomes for society, communities, employees and shareholders alike. We continue to drive Canadian investment and innovation forward by aligning our environmental, social and governance (ESG) standards to support our clear goal – advancing how Canadians connect with each other and the world. Read the BCE 2023 Integrated annual report Additional details Close modal Back to main content Popular pages iPads and Android Tablets Bring Your Own Phone Plans Canada's Largest and Fastest Mobile Network Cell Phones and Smartphones Upgrade Your Mobile Device Transfer Your Cell Phone Number to Bell About us About Bell Canada Bell Let's Talk Bell for Better Jobs@Bell Bell Media Customer resources Return policy Privacy Security Legal and regulatory Bell email Internet Code Wireless Code Community forum Track my order About us About Bell Canada Bell Let's Talk Bell for Better Jobs@Bell Bell Media Customer resources Return policy Privacy Security Legal and regulatory Bell email Internet Code Wireless Code Community forum Track my order Get in touch Contact us Find a store Book an appointment Accessibility centre © Bell Canada, 2024. All rights reserved. | Site feedback | Site map My Account Fibe TV, Internet and Home phone Register for My Account (Bell Aliant) Manage your Bell Aliant Fibe TV, Internet, Home phone and Home security services My account details My profile Log out from My Account MyBell Register for MyBell (Log in to MyBell) Manage your Bell Satellite TV and Mobility services My services My bills and payments My profile Log out from MyBell Our services Bell Canada Bell is Canada's largest communications company, providing consumers and business with solutions for all their communications needs. The leader in digital TV Bell Fibe TV, the best TV service, provides stunning 4K picture and high-fidelity sound. Using fibre optic technology, Bell Fibe TV brings the best TV experience right to your door – no dish required. The Bell Fibe TV app lets you access live TV and on-demand television content using your Bell Streamer or by downloading the Fibe TV app on Amazon Fire TV, Android TV, Apple TV or by Google Cast using your Google Chromecast. Bell Satellite TV provides a great variety of HD and 4K channels, the best receivers and the best image quality – making it the leader in digital satellite TV service in Canada. The latest cell phones, Mobile Internet devices, smartwatches and tablets Choose from the latest iPhone devices from Apple, Samsung devices, Google phones, tablets and other popular smartphones. Stay connected on the Bell 5G-capable network with blazing-fast speeds, coast-to-coast coverage and clear reception. Ultra-fast high-speed fibre home Internet Command the fastest upload speeds with Bell Fibe Internet on Canada’s largest fibre optic network. Bell's high-speed home Internet lets you share photos and videos with upload speeds of up to 940 Mbps and download speeds of up to 1.5 Gigabits per second. The most reliable home phone service If you are looking for reliable home phone services, Bell Home phone guarantees exceptional services at all times or you get your money back. Promotions and offers Looking for new products and services from Bell? See the latest Bell promotions and offers or visit a Bell store to learn more. Communications solutions for businesses As Canada's leading trusted technology advisor, Bell Canada delivers end-to-end solutions to our small and medium-sized business (SMB) customers, from business Internet to business Mobility services and long distance solutions. Bell Business Markets is committed to delivering the integrated solutions large organizations need to increase productivity, sustain profitable growth, maximize service differentiation and minimize risk in today's challenging environment. Close Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Shipping options Get your order in as little as 2 hours In-Store Pick-Up Pick up your order at a store near you in as little as 2 hours. $0.00 Same-Day/Next-Day Delivery At your door the same day or next day. $15.00 Standard shipping At your door within 2–5 business days. $0.00 Select your preferred shipping option at checkout. (Note:) *Shipping options are subject to eligibility and stock availability of all items in your cart.