Bell | Wireless, Internet and TV Service Provider in Canada Skip to main content Personal Business Small and Medium1 to 99 employees Large100+ employees Bell for Better Find a store Find a store Book an appointment Find a store Enter your address or postal code Filter store by In-store appointments Mobile devices for business + consumer Residential: Internet + TV + Phone Business: Internet + TV + Phone Mobile repairs Fibe TV live demo Bell Trade-in program Chinese Support華語服務 Hindi | Punjabi Support Find stores Accessibility Select province Ontario ON Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon FR Home Home Log in / Register Back Cart Mobility SHOP MOBILITY Why Bell Mobility Our network Plans Phones and devices Connected things Internet SHOP INTERNET Why Fibe Internet Fibe Internet packages Wi-Fi Rural Internet Promotions TV SHOP TV Why Fibe TV Fibe TV packages Why the Fibe TV app Fibe TV app packages Satellite TV What's on Promotions Smart Home SHOP SMART HOME Why Bell Smart Home Packages Devices Home phone SHOP HOME PHONE Packages Long distance Calling features Bundles SHOP BUNDLES Popular bundles Build your own Promotions Promotions Support Personal Business Small and Medium1 to 99 employees Large100+ employees Bell for Better Find a store Book an appointment Accessibility AB BC MB NB NL NT NS NU ON PE QC SK YT FR Select this button and then dictate your search. Successful results will be displayed on a new page. Your shopping cart is empty Log in / Register Dictate your search Bell Homepage Your current region: Ontario Select a region: Change Change current region Select your province or territory below Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon Close region selector 5G plans with unlimited talk, text and tons of data starting from $50/mo. Get your plan Canada’s fastest Internet and Wi-Fi.1 Get 100% pure fibre, the best Internet technology. Starting from $55/mo. Learn more Limited time. Don’t miss out. Limited time. Don’t miss out. See all offers TakeOver-modal Mobility Internet Bundles TV Smart Home Connected things Promotions Business Up to 65% off iPhone2 on Canada’s fastest 5G network.3 Bonus: get double the storage on us. Shop offers Switch to pure fibre Internet and Fibe TV, starting from $105/mo. Learn more Most awarded Internet service provider. Learn more #1 in Canada's biggest wireless network test. Watch video Shop all phones Bell for Better We’re building energy-efficient fibre networks. Just one of our many initiatives making our world more prosperous, more sustainable, and more connected every day. Learn more Sign up to hear about incredible offers you won’t want to miss – plus our latest products, services and more. Email address Submit By submitting, you agree to receive Bell emails, including information we think may be of interest to you about Bell’s products and services (and those of our marketing partners). You can unsubscribe and manage your marketing preferences at any time at email preferences. Loading data. Please wait... Thank you for registering to receive the latest Bell news and offers. Keep an eye on your inbox for upcoming deals, amazing offers and exciting updates. View additional details Based on analysis by Ookla® of Speedtest Intelligence® data. Fixed and Wi-Fi nationally aggregated Speed Score results for Q3–Q4 2023. Ookla trademarks used under licence and reprinted with permission. Over 24 months compared to our device full price with Bell SmartPay™ on an eligible 2-year plan when trading in an eligible phone. Based on a third party score (Global Wireless Solutions OneScore™) calculated using wireless network testing in Canada against other national wireless networks. See bell.ca/network. Available with compatible devices within Bell Mobility’s network coverage areas. Offers subject to change without notice. 5G/5G+ access requires a compatible device and a compatible rate plan (even if a 5G/5G+ symbol appears on your device). Coverage is approximate, may vary and may not include indoor coverage; see bell.ca/5G. Speed, performance and whether a 5G/5G+ device uses the available 5G/5G+ network depend on various factors including: your rate plan, topography, environmental conditions, the current serving radio conditions at your location and whether the device is actively downloading or uploading data. Access is subject to Bell’s management of network resources, using methods which include Internet traffic management practices. See bell.ca/ITMP. Starting in select areas of Vancouver, Calgary, Edmonton, Montréal and the Greater Toronto Area. Back to main content About us About us About Bell Canada Our services Bell Let's Talk Bell for Better Jobs@Bell Bell Media Customer resources Customer resources Return policy Privacy Security Legal and regulatory Bell email Internet Code Wireless Code Community forum Track my order Get in touch Contact us Find a store Book an appointment Accessibility centre Social media links Bell Canada Blog Page Opens in new tab. blog Bell Canada Facebook Page. Opens in new tab. Bell Canada X Page. Opens in new tab. Bell Canada Instagram Page. Opens in new tab. Bell Canada LinkedIn Page. Opens in new tab. Bell Canada Youtube Page. Opens in new tab. Bell Canada Threads Page Opens in new tab. Accessibility centre © Bell Canada, 2024. All rights reserved. Site feedback Site map Additional details Close modal Our services Bell Canada Bell is Canada's largest communications company, providing consumers and business with solutions for all their communications needs. The leader in digital TV Bell Fibe TV, the best TV service, provides stunning 4K picture and high-fidelity sound. Using fibre optic technology, Bell Fibe TV brings the best TV experience right to your door – no dish required. The Bell Fibe TV app lets you access live TV and on-demand television content using your Bell Streamer or by downloading the Fibe TV app on Amazon Fire TV, Android TV, Apple TV or by Google Cast using your Google Chromecast. Bell Satellite TV provides a great variety of HD and 4K channels, the best receivers and the best image quality – making it the leader in digital satellite TV service in Canada. The latest cell phones, Mobile Internet devices, smartwatches and tablets Choose from the latest iPhone devices from Apple, Samsung devices, Google phones, tablets and other popular smartphones. Stay connected on the Bell 5G-capable network with blazing-fast speeds, coast-to-coast coverage and clear reception. Ultra-fast high-speed fibre home Internet Command the fastest upload speeds with Bell Fibe Internet on Canada’s largest fibre optic network. Bell's high-speed home Internet lets you share photos and videos with upload speeds of up to 940 Mbps and download speeds of up to 1.5 Gigabits per second. The most reliable home phone service If you are looking for reliable home phone services, Bell Home phone guarantees exceptional services at all times or you get your money back. Promotions and offers Looking for new products and services from Bell? See the latest Bell promotions and offers or visit a Bell store to learn more. Communications solutions for businesses As Canada's leading trusted technology advisor, Bell Canada delivers end-to-end solutions to our small and medium-sized business (SMB) customers, from business Internet to business Mobility services and long distance solutions. Bell Business Markets is committed to delivering the integrated solutions large organizations need to increase productivity, sustain profitable growth, maximize service differentiation and minimize risk in today's challenging environment. Close